Add a BigQuery Sample Application (#1941)
spring-cloud/spring-cloud-gcp: spring-cloud-gcp-samples/spring-cloud-gcp-bigquery-sample/README.adoc

= Spring GCP BigQuery Sample Application

BigQuery is Google's fully managed, petabyte scale, low cost analytics data warehouse.

This code sample shows how the Spring Cloud GCP integrations can simplify the use of https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/[Google Cloud BigQuery].

== Overview

> This application allows you to load CSV data into BigQuery tables through file upload and inputting CSV data in a text field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application allows you to load CSV data into BigQuery tables through either file upload or inputting CSV data in a text field.
```
